---
title: "05/26/2023 Shotcall: Selling AMD"
date: 2023-05-26T00:00:00-00:00
tags: ["finance"]
author: "Andrew Ku"
draft: false
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
UseHugoToc: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
---

After holding `$AMD`, or Advanced Micro Devices, in one of my self-managed Roth retirement accounts since 01/21/2020, I have decided to bite the bullet and sell all my positions in the stock. My cost basis for my buy order was $46.78 per share, and the executed price for the sell order was $126.27. I chose to sell the entirety of the position mainly to take profits, with the intent to buy back at a lower price. Although, historical price action indicates that we are ways off from the stock's all-time high of $161.91, I can not complain with the 169.92% gain I'm realizing with the sell order. 

In the graphics processing unit space, I could not find evidence that `$AMD` is an active participant in the specialized chip space for machine learning workloads. If I am wrong, I definitely know that there is no OpenCL equivalent of the Nvidia A100 or H100 in the market as of this post. In its consumer and gaming focused lines of products, AMD is cruising alongside its main competitor, big green Nvidia. Intel, A rising third and very much welcomed player, is proving that it's Arc GPUs can deliver exceptional performance for relatively lower costs. Coupled with discounts and rebates across many retailers, Intel Arc is considered a good buy for those looking for 1080p 60fps gaming, with a vendor that can push out consistent and reliable driver updates.

In the compute-processing unit space, AMD is killing it in the datacenter market with their EPYC compute processors. Alternatively, Intel Xeons are not a joke either when you have workloads that receive high traffic and require the least amount of latency for web apps, databases, game servers, and media streaming and transcoding engines. On the consumer grade side, I am first and foremost an `$AMD` fan. My first real personal computer was a Zen+ 2600X build. I also just recently built a Zen3 5900X build that is my gaming, photo editing, and video editing workstation. I don't think I will ever build an Intel based personal computer as long as the price to performance ratio for `$AMD` is aggressive.

In summation, I could not think of any catalytic bull cases for the stock. But I will be waiting for any type of announcement in regard to a machine learning/ artificial intelligence based enterprise grade GPU. I'm happy to take profits at my price point, and I most certainly will be back to open a position once sentiment in the AI/ML space cool off. With a looming debt ceiling crisis and running quite close to the perceived x-date, I think there is little room for the stock to run, and much room for the price to fall. 

My only regret with AMD was buying it at $16, and then selling it at a loss for $4 while I was a college undergrad. I was not throwing big bucks at the markets back then, so I'm not terribly regretful. 
