---
title: "Relive Running: 2023 NYRR Queens 10K"
date: 2023-06-17T00:00:00-00:00
tags: ["running"]
author: "Andrew Ku"
canonicalURL: "https://drewku.com/posts/2023-running-events-relive/2023-06-17-2023-nyrr-queens-10k/"
draft: false
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
UseHugoToc: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
---

## Introduction
On Saturday June 17, I ran the Queens 10K in Flushing Meadows Corona Park. This race holds incredible meaning to me for a few reasons: it was my first New York Road Runners race that qualifies for the 9+1 guaranteed entry program for next year's New York City Marathon, it was my first chip timed race, and most importantly the event takes place in Queens, my home borough, and not too far from wher I grew up. 

My only goal was to finish under 48 minutes (which equivocates to eight minutes per mile). 

## Race Day
The running conditions for that day were very optimal with partly cloudy skies with a slight breeze. My seeded corral was in the first wave, corral E. So, I got to start relatively sooner, but with a whole lot of headroom to make way.

There is a saying called `Nothing new on race day`. That was not the case for me that day. I wore a singlet for the first time. I'm a short sleeve person rain or shine all the time. But for this event, I was proud to rep Run For Chinatown. Huge thanks to the major players on getting my threads in my hands in time for the race day! There was a group photo spot that took me a while to find. Mainly because I didn't look at the course map at all till I physically got the event. So to find the corral where the group photo takes place, I had to find the start line, then walk to the very end of the corrals for the meet up spot. 

While in the corrals, the announcers announced that the course was fairly technical with a couple of climbs and potholes. I found out real quick that in order to overtake, I had to run off asphalt onto the curb and grassy, rooting sections to push ahead. I made a lot of risky maneuvers, threading through pairs, tailgating until I found an opportunity to slip ahead. I am thankful that my build allowed me to do this, hopefully without detrimining others. I was able to make it to the Run for Chinatown Cheer Station without any issue. 

But, I made a grave mistake near the end where I decided that I should get some water from an aid station for the first time. That was a bad idea, I could only take a sip while running, coughed it down, and tossed the remaining. 

## Fin
At the end, I was able to finish the race in 45:20, which is equivalent to a 7:17 minutes per mile. I got a cool medal, an apple, a SIS energy bar, a gatorade, and some water. 

Now onto next week's races: Pride 4M and Achilles International 4M. Both will take place inside Central Park. 
