---
title: "Relive Running: 2023 NYRR 9 + 1 Program"
date: 2023-11-04T00:00:00-00:00
tags: ["running"]
author: "Andrew Ku"
canonicalURL: "https://drewku.com/posts/nyrr-2023-nine-plus-one"
draft: true
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
UseHugoToc: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
---

## Introduction
This year is my first time completing the 2023 NYRR 9 + 1 for the 2024 NYC Marathon Guaranteed Entry Program. Today was the conclusion of my

## Volunteer Entry 1: RBC Brooklyn Half Marathon

## Race 1: Queens 10K 

## Race 2: FRNY LGBT Pride Run 4M
This was my first race inside Central Park. I started in Corral C. There was misting that turned to a light rain. Got a cool rainbow bagel, and wish I got a popsicle too. I had a SIS energy bar before the race, and I was happy that my apce was more or less aligned with my pace that I acheived in the Queens 10K. (~7:20 minutes / mile or so. )

## Race 3: Achilles 4M
This day I slept for about 11 hours before the 8:15 AM start. This meant that I skipped dinner so 30 minutes before thee race, I was flipping a cheesburger, and it was inside my body 15 minutes soon after. Not going to lie, it was a hot and humid race. I defeinately should've eaten. 

## Race 4: Retro 4M
I told myself that I would wake up early for this race. But I didn't go to sleep until 2 AM in the morning. I was buying my first film camera so I was up all night doing research on what to buy. It was a cool morning, but it got very hot. I didn't take any water during the race, but I knew that I should have when I finished. This was the first race in central park that had a staggered start, with multiple start horns. Maybe there were less people in the corrals, or maybe I got there 15 minutes earlier instead of 5 mins, but there seemed like there were less people. So it wasn't too crowded in many regions, but most importantly, not too crowded at the start. This race had water, bagels, and bottles of gatorade in which i gladly partaked. 

## Race 5: Percy Sutton Harlem 5K
Going into this race I had no idea what to expect. A 5K is a 5K and I was pretty tired of running the same four mile route in Central Park. For this race, my plan was to get to the start line, find my corral and just follow the runners in front of me to the finish line. I normally do not run north of the Central Park loop, so I did not even know what the park and area of Harlem that the race was held looked like. I left all the surprises for the day of where I bumped into a friendly runner that I see often on Monday evenings where he explained to me that the race essentially consists of two big hills and concluded with a very fast downhill. I was feeling good throughout the race and appreciated that there were staggered starts to reduce congestion. The first hill was a long gradual climb with an anticipated downhill because it was just an out and back. The second hill was a lot more steep and short, but my spirits were high and I wasn't feeling very winded until I gave it my all to get downhill to the finish line. I performed better at this race than I thought I was going to because I did not have a whole lot of running activity throughout the week before.

## Race 6: New York City Marathon Training Series 12M
For my sixth NYRR race, twelve miles in Central Park is a lot more boring than it sounds. Doing my research before hand, the race consists of two outer loops of the park. The start time of the race was also about an hour earlier than what I was used to, and the start line was not in the usual place that I anticipated it to be. Thankfully I had a work colleague that I ran about a little more than half the course with at conversational 8:30 min/ mile pace. I didn't intake any hydration until the second half of the race, where I had alternating cups of water and Gatorade. I was surprised that they gave generous amounts of the Gatorade and I was having more than the usual trouble of drinking it while in motion. I was happy with my results for the 12 mile and I consider this day where I ran the most amount of miles so far. 

## Race 7: Grete's Great Gallop 10K

## Race 8: New York City Marathon Training Series 18M

## Race 9: Dash to the Finish Line 5K

## Closing Thoughts
Definately some of the races are too hot to run. If I choose to do the 9+1 program again next year, I would get my volunetter opportunity in ASAP. I would also use the virtual races to my advantage. 
