---
title: "Why I decided to buy the Nikon F3HP"
date: 2024-06-18T00:00:00-00:00
tags: ["photography"]
author: "Andrew Ku"
draft: false
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
UseHugoToc: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
---

> I just purchased and took delivery of a Nikon F3HP and a Nikon 105mm f/2.5 NIKKOR AIS Manual Focus Lens from a reputable online film camera dealer. Here is why I bought it. 

I suddenly had a momentary episode of Gear Acquisition Syndrome (GAS). I just recently came back from a two-week trip from Japan (that I loved every minute of), and had also recently received a windfall from selling a ton of Nvidia stock. Fortunately all the stars aligned, and I decided that I wanted another film camera. 

Here is my collection so far: 
- My granddad’s Canonet QL17 with an inoperable light meter. Everything else works, and I’ve put in a handful of rolls in it so far.
- An Olympus Pen FT - I bought this myself, and have shot a bunch of rolls with it so far. 
- A cool Plustek OpticFilm 8200i SE film scanner that I use to scan my negatives at home with.

With this in mind and all this film camera experience that I had, I knew kind of what I wanted to get for my first pro-hobbyist film camera: 
The camera needs to shoot full frame images, and not half frame ones.
It needs to shoot 35mm film. I wasn’t looking for anything fancy like medium format. 
All components need to work. I know that it’s asking for a lot for decades old electronics, but I’m quite firm about this.
I wanted something with manual controls. I did not want a point and shoot.
It needs to have a good reputation. This parameter is a bit tricky to evaluate, because it is a biased and opinionated statement. I wanted a camera with a reputation, and has proved its worth. 
Not a lot of money. My budget would be around $400 - $800 for a body and lens combination.

With the parameters in mind, I knew that my brand options were limited. That’s ok because I already knew which retailer I wanted to purchase from, and that one by itself was the most limiting factor. My search can now begin. 

While searching, I leaned more and more into getting a Nikon. Their film cameras stand the test of time, are loved by many, and have professional features. Plus, the prices of their cameras on the second hand market fit my budget. After searching and searching, I decided to land on the Nikon F3HP. It fit all the requirements and was useful for glasses-wearers. 