---
title: "My Not Negative At All 2023 Electric Zoo Experience"
date: 2023-08-04T02:16:12Z
tags: ["recap"]
author: "Andrew Ku"
draft: false
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
UseHugoToc: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
---

## Background
This was my second year attending Electric Zoo, and the only music festival I ever attended. So I want to start out and say that my Electric Zoo experience this year was not half bad. I paid the Black Friday pricing for four wristbands back during Thanksgiving of 2022. So when general admission tickets were released in the spring of 2023, Electric Zoo announced that all ticket holders that overpaid during Black Friday would get a refund through a food or drink wristband credit or a credit back to the original form of payment. I chose to receive credit back to my original form of payment, cash is king ya-know, but realized that Electric Zoo dumped the credit onto each of my four wristbands in the evening before the first day of the festival instead. 

## Friday
Friday was the first day of the festival, so I planned to go to leave early, so I could catch more sets and get my money's worth. Then around 11am, and one of my friends going to the festival direct messaged me on one of my socials and told me that Friday was cancelled. I was relieved because now I can stay at work and not have to rush to leave early. So I decided to check my social media to see what other internet posters were discussing. I browsed many memes, but the real reason why day one of the festival was closed was because they were not able to build the main stage on time. My significant other and I were a little sad because we would not be able to see The Chainsmokers, Galantis, or Kx5. 

## Saturday
Saturday was truly the first day of the festival. Electric Zoo announced that they would be delaying doors opening by two hours, which meant that the first two sets for each of the smaller stages would be dropped. We got to the grounds around 4 pm, and was able to get my 21+ wristband and swim through security without an issue. I saw Matroda, Timmy Trumpet, and Gryffin. Then had a Vietnamese Bahn Mi Sandwich, which was quite nice and tasty, and closed out the night with Big Gigantic and Zedd.

Some cools observations that I had for Saturday:
- Prior to getting on the RFK bridge from the Manhattan side, there would be sellers selling drinks and bootleg merchandise for the festival. What was funny was that they were selling bootleg merchandise using the previous year's "Electric Zoo 3.0" design as opposed to this year's "Electric Zoo Hyperspace".
- The security company that they used this year to watch over the crowds was the same as the previous year. But this year, it felt like all the front line guards were female. I distinctly remember the ones last year that oversaw the main stage were male.
- During the Matroda set, my significant other and I watched this guy walk into the railing that divided the East and West of the Main stage standing area. He got so upset that he could not cross from East to West, so he chugged his drink, threw the vessel into the crowd, then ran and took a leap of faith over the barrier into the segregated zone, then over the barrier again to get to the other side. 
- At the conclusion of Gryffin's sunset set at the main stage, we got trapped in the crowd that had multitudes of people simultaneously leaving and entering to see Allison Wonderland that was scheduled to play next. I think it took about 10-20 minutes to truly get out of that mess, but we got out of it unscathed. 
- At one of the smaller stages, we saw this couple conduct sexual intercourse with each other against the back fence. Every time I would turn around, the female on top of the male would have fewer clothes on than before. We got out of there really fast.
- After the conclusion of Zedd, who closed out the main stage, we decided to walk over the RFK bridge. So did about several thousands of people as well for there were various parts of the walk where traffic was just at a stand still. There were vendors with ice coolers that were selling water and Gatorade. They formed choke points on the bridge and many people became frustrated and started walking in the car lane on the bridge.
- On 125th street, there were people selling gas filled balloons under some scaffolding. I have no idea what kind of mixture that they were selling people, but they were buying. They were also not very good at selling their stuff, because I could hear their balloons popping. 


## Sunday
On Sunday we saw Kream, 3Lau, Tiesto on the main stage. Then we took a break for some food and caught Jvna. I caught up with a friend that I see once a year during Boogie T B2B Dirt Monkey. We ended the night with Major Lazer and Marshmello back on the main stage. Sunday was definitely the least chaotic night, but they closed the entrance to the festival early due to overselling the event. The crowd that had yet to be admitted rushed the entrance and my friends lived to tell it. One of their friends lost a shoe in the madness, so they had to spend the night with a jersey wrapped around their foot. Like the day before, the crowds exiting the island via the Bridge was ginormous. We tried to beat the crowds by leaving early, but we were still caught in foot traffic. 

Looking back I wish I got to experience Zeds Dead B2B Griz and John Summit and Dom Dolla instead of Major Lazer and Marshmello on the main stage. 

## Wrapping Up
I had an overall positive experience at Electric Zoo this year. I definitely will not come back because of their logistical mismanagement. But, I will be sad because there is no big dance music festival in New York City like Electric Zoo. 